at this moment wives and I want to talk both
cities we use chalets on
metallurgy
yana will say an example life it was years
but it was in the ninetieth year then
our group first appeared on
big concert
by this time I played guitar for years
ten and already understood something in notes
then one guitar player approached us and with
Kazal
I know two whole metal acordas
this customer
their cotton
in different styles of guitarist play
accords in different ways
for example in jazz
parakeha
bass note that is played on another
guitarist playing instrument
settings from two three nights and most often
they play and where are the dancers
but if he plays these chords without
this bass
they will sound suspicious
you and I are all very simple clarke m
there
and if that plays in Europe in pop music
are called steam coke
this is classic entho records with
recurring notes became
but they sound very dense shed
through the wall of the group
they sound very good at overload
check cities play this way
but we ourselves will not dwell on
this further ternation major in the name of the people
Do not be fooled by the name
major depending on how sings
play it can sound very
brutal
Japan
the fifth one we will play is
components of akorda
and whichever you put
ambassador
or that you're completing another guitar
may sound minor
either major on court no matter
which end and play
For example
here I added
major experts
still minor butt
it's a major on court
but if I completed the fifth
or a fee to teach differently
m
Doll
football
can
P
prim
here would have added a sector
as you see this is also part submissively
now approaching the worst
this is the interval which middle ages church
banned use in music
it is, moreover,
it is also called a reduced agent or
increased fee
it is dissonance
and it gives your music and anxiety
or demonism
but now the stream itself attacks are seconds
yes yes seconds
Now I will show you the reef in which I will
use
major third
seconds and fees
the most important thing when you look for your
sequence of records to be in
some kind of canada key
but also if you're a fan of stravinsky or
know theories
variable tonality then not
forget demand chop
I have to look for approaches
for their reefs
in this the risks i use
rent payment
shower
b
but the year has become its duty today
rolls he does not regret good luck